README.md, before:

# async-form v0.2.3

Transforms normal HTML forms into asynchronous forms, replacing normal submission with a AJAX requests.

## How to Use
The module exposes a function "asyncForm" that accepts various arguments representing a form or forms that should be turned into asynchronous forms. Once the function initializes the form, all subsequent [submit events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events/submit) on the form will result in AJAX calls instead of normal form submissions. The method, action, and other parameters are determined by the properties of the form element and its children.

**NOTE:** Calling the native [HTMLFormElement.submit()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/submit) method does not trigger the submit event, so that function will still trigger a normal, synchronous submission.

### Node
```js
  const asyncForm = require('@evanminto/async-form'); // Not published to NPM yet!

  asyncForm(document.querySelector('#my_form'));
  asyncForm(document.querySelectorAll('.my-form'));
  asyncForm('.my-form');
```

### Browser
```js
  window.asyncForm(document.querySelector('#my_form'));
  window.asyncForm(document.querySelectorAll('.my-form'));
  window.asyncForm('.my-form');
```

## Functions
### asyncForm(target)
Intercepts all future submit events on the specified target element(s), replacing
normal form submission with an AJAX request.

**Arguments:**
  * `target` is one of the following:
    * **HTMLFormElement:** a form element
    * **NodeList:** a list of form elements
    * **String:** a CSS selector representing one or many form elements

### asyncForm.submit(form)
Gathers data from a form element and submits it via an AJAX request.
This method is useful if you would like more fine-grained control over when your form submits its data.

**Arguments:**
  * `form` is an HTMLFormElement

## Events
During submission, the form dispatches a number of custom events representing different steps in the submission process. All events have an "asyncForm" namespace.

### error.asyncForm
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has failed to send the AJAX request. This is usually because of network failure or some other fundamental problem.

### fail.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response outside of the successful 200 range of status codes.

### submitted.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response (regardless of the status code of the response).

### submitting.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** request (*[Request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *true*

Dispatched when the form is about to send the AJAX request. If canceled, the form does not send the request.

### success.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response with a successful (&gt;= 200, &lt; 300) status code.

Commit message:

Adds data attributes for accept, credentials, and mode.

README.md, after:

# async-form v0.2.4

Transforms normal HTML forms into asynchronous forms, replacing normal submission with a AJAX requests.

## How to Use
The module exposes a function "asyncForm" that accepts various arguments representing a form or forms that should be turned into asynchronous forms. Once the function initializes the form, all subsequent [submit events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events/submit) on the form will result in AJAX calls instead of normal form submissions. The method, action, and other parameters are determined by the properties of the form element and its children.

**NOTE:** Calling the native [HTMLFormElement.submit()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/submit) method does not trigger the submit event, so that function will still trigger a normal, synchronous submission.

### Node
```js
  const asyncForm = require('@evanminto/async-form'); // Not published to NPM yet!

  asyncForm(document.querySelector('#my_form'));
  asyncForm(document.querySelectorAll('.my-form'));
  asyncForm('.my-form');
```

### Browser
```js
  window.asyncForm(document.querySelector('#my_form'));
  window.asyncForm(document.querySelectorAll('.my-form'));
  window.asyncForm('.my-form');
```

## Functions
### asyncForm(target)
Intercepts all future submit events on the specified target element(s), replacing
normal form submission with an AJAX request.

**Arguments:**
  * `target` is one of the following:
    * **HTMLFormElement:** a form element
    * **NodeList:** a list of form elements
    * **String:** a CSS selector representing one or many form elements

### asyncForm.submit(form)
Gathers data from a form element and submits it via an AJAX request.
This method is useful if you would like more fine-grained control over when your form submits its data.

**Arguments:**
  * `form` is an HTMLFormElement

## Events
During submission, the form dispatches a number of custom events representing different steps in the submission process. All events have an "asyncForm" namespace.

### error.asyncForm
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has failed to send the AJAX request. This is usually because of network failure or some other fundamental problem.

### fail.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response outside of the successful 200 range of status codes.

### submitted.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response (regardless of the status code of the response).

### submitting.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** request (*[Request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *true*

Dispatched when the form is about to send the AJAX request. If canceled, the form does not send the request.

### success.asyncForm
**Detail Property Contains:** response (*[Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response)*)<br>
**Cancelable:** *false*

Dispatches when the form has finished sending the AJAX request and received a response with a successful (&gt;= 200, &lt; 300) status code.

## Data Attributes
Data attributes enable customization of the request properties for AJAX requests sent by the form.
All data attributes must be attached to the form element and are prefixed with `async-form`.

### data-async-form-accept
Sets the value of the Accept header on the AJAX request.
If not provided, the request will set no explicit Accept header.

### data-async-form-credentials
Sets the value of the [credentials](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/credentials) property of the AJAX request.
If not provided, defaults to "omit," as defined in the Fetch API spec.

### data-async-form-mode
Sets the value of the [mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode) property of the AJAX request.
If not provided, defaults to "no-cors," as defined in the Fetch API spec.
